Fix MapDatasetOnOff._to_asimov_dataset to use nominal background instead of marginalised estimate (#6762)
gammapy/gammapy: docs/release-notes/6762.bug.rst

> # Fix Asimov dataset computation for MapDatasetOff when no counts are present

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Fix Asimov dataset computation for `~gammapy.datasets.MapDatasetOff` when no counts are present
```

> # Fix Asimov dataset computation for `~gammapy.datasets.MapDatasetOff` when no counts are present

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix Asimov dataset computation for `~gammapy.datasets.MapDatasetOff`: use alpha * N_OFF as expected background. 
```
